We've now gotten a definition of types.
We've spoken about why we care about them.
And we just looked at a couple of quick examples.
It's now the last thing we're going to cover is when to use them.
All right.
So this one's kind of an easy one in this case and some of the other topics we're going to look at,
well, there's going to be a lot better answer of where we use them.
But in the case of types, well, we use them everywhere.
And that's just a side effect of using TypeScript.
So whether you want to or not, every value you define inside your application is going to have a type
associated with it, and TypeScript is going to do its best to check the quality of your code or check
for any errors by using those types.
So like I said, for this particular feature, well, types are used everywhere and there's really not
that much else to say about it.
All right.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
This is kind of a gimme.
Let's take a pause right here.
And we're going to move on to our next feature in the next video.